Readme.rst, before:

========
Dotfiles
========

This is my collection of `configuration files <http://dotfiles.github.io/>`_.

Configurations are managed by `dotstow <https://github.com/codejamninja/dotstow>`_


To install:

- Install gnu stow

    .. code-block:: bash

        # For Ubuntu users
        $ sudo apt install stow

        # For redhat (dnf managed distros)
        $ sudo dnf install stow

- Upgrade nodejs to the minimum version of 12. (You can use nvm to configure as well)

    .. code-block:: bash

        # For ubuntu
        $ sudo apt install build-essential apt-transport-https lsb-release ca-certificates curl
        $ curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x | sudo -E bash -
        $ which node npm

- Install dotstow

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ npm install dotstow

- Download your dotfiles

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ ~/node_modules/.bin/dotstow sync

- Manual init

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ ~/.dotfiles/manual-init.sh

- Set the configs

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ ~/node_modules/.bin/dotstow stow bash git i3 systems tmux vim vscode zsh


- To update the configs

 - Upload changes the repository and commit the changes.
 - Run `dotstow sync`


=======
Credits
=======

 - Sreeraj Karichery (sreerajkarichery@outlook.com)

Commit message:

more entries in bootstrap.yml and readme to include bootstrap command

Readme.rst, after:

========
Dotfiles
========

This is my collection of `configuration files <http://dotfiles.github.io/>`_.

Configurations are managed by `dotstow <https://github.com/codejamninja/dotstow>`_


To setup:

- Install gnu stow

    .. code-block:: bash

        # For Ubuntu users
        $ sudo apt install stow

        # For redhat (dnf managed distros)
        $ sudo dnf install stow

- Upgrade nodejs to the minimum version of 12. (You can use nvm to configure as well)

    .. code-block:: bash

        # For ubuntu
        $ sudo apt install build-essential apt-transport-https lsb-release ca-certificates curl
        $ curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x | sudo -E bash -
        $ which node npm

- Install dotstow

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ npm install dotstow

- Download your dotfiles and bootstrap the environment

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ ~/node_modules/.bin/dotstow bootstrap --remote https://github.com/sreerajkksd/dotfiles.git


- Set the configs

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ ~/node_modules/.bin/dotstow stow bash git i3 systems tmux vim vscode zsh

And we are done. You should see symlinks on your home directory for all the dotfiles and others.

- To pull the configs from the remote
    .. code-block:: bash

        $ ~/node_modules/.bin/dotstow pull


- To update the configs

 - Upload changes the repository and commit the changes.
 - Run `dotstow sync`

Note:

- If you only have stow installed and want only to update certain configs (without touching others eg: on a work environment), you can do the following
  .. code-block:: bash

       $ git clone -q --depth 1 https://github.com/sreerajkksd/dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles
       $ stow -t /home/$USER -d /home/$USER/.dotfiles/<Environment>/ <package>
       $ stow -t /home/$USER -d /home/$USER/.dotfiles/global vim


=======
Credits
=======

 - Sreeraj Karichery (sreerajmylatty@gmail.com)
